           There had been a snake on a hearth rug … a small

           man called Peter, nicknamed Wormtail … and a cold,

           high voice … the voice of Lord Voldemort. Harry felt

           as though an ice cube had slipped down into his

           stomach at the very thought. …

           He closed his eyes tightly and tried to remember what

           Voldemort had looked like, but it was impossible. …

           All Harry knew was that at the moment when

           Voldemort’s chair had swung around, and he, Harry,

           had seen what was sitting in it, he had felt a spasm of

           horror, which had awoken him … or had that been

           the pain in his scar?

           And who had the old man been? For there had

           definitely been an old man; Harry had watched him

           fall to the ground. It was all becoming confused.

           Harry put his face into his hands, blocking out his

           bedroom, trying to hold on to the picture of that dimly

           lit room, but it was like trying to keep water in his

           cupped hands; the details were now trickling away as

           fast as he tried to hold on to them. … Voldemort and




www.ztcprep.com
           Wormtail had been talking about someone they had

           killed, though Harry could not remember the name …

           and they had been plotting to kill someone else …

           him!

           Harry took his face out of his hands, opened his eyes,

           and stared around his bedroom as though expecting

           P a g e | 19

           Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling

           to see something unusual there. As it happened,

           there were an extraordinary number of unusual

           things in this room. A large wooden trunk stood open

           at the foot of his bed, revealing a cauldron,

           broomstick, black robes, and assorted spellbooks.

           Rolls of parchment littered that part of his desk that

           was not taken up by the large, empty cage in which

           his snowy owl, Hedwig, usually perched. On the floor

           beside his bed a book lay open; Harry had been

           reading it before he fell asleep last night. The pictures

           in this book were all moving. Men in bright orange

           robes were zooming in and out of sight on




www.ztcprep.com
           broomsticks, throwing a red ball to one another.

           Harry walked over to the book, picked it up, and

           watched one of the wizards score a spectacular goal

           by putting the ball through a fifty-foot-high hoop.

           Then he snapped the book shut. Even Quidditch — in

           Harry’s opinion, the best sport in the world —

           couldn’t distract him at the moment. He placed Flying

           with the Cannons on his bedside table, crossed to the

           window, and drew back the curtains to survey the

           street below.

           Privet Drive looked exactly as a respectable suburban

           street would be expected to look in the early hours of

           Saturday morning. All the curtains were closed. As far

           as Harry could see through the darkness, there

           wasn’t a living creature in sight, not even a cat.

           And yet … and yet … Harry went restlessly back to

           the bed and sat down on it, running a finger over his

           scar again. It wasn’t the pain that bothered him;

           Harry was no stranger to pain and injury. He had lost

           all the bones from his right arm once and had them




www.ztcprep.com
           painfully regrown in a night. The same arm had been

           pierced by a venomous foot-long fang not long

           afterward. Only last year Harry had fallen fifty feet

           from an airborne broomstick. He was used to bizarre

           P a g e | 20

           Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling

           accidents and injuries; they were unavoidable if you attended Hogwarts
           School of Witchcraft and Wizardry

           and had a knack for attracting a lot of trouble.

           No, the thing that was bothering Harry was that the

           last time his scar had hurt him, it had been because

           Voldemort had been close by. … But Voldemort

           couldn’t be here, now. … The idea of Voldemort

           lurking in Privet Drive was absurd, impossible. …

           Harry listened closely to the silence around him. Was

           he half-expecting to hear the creak of a stair or the

           swish of a cloak? And then he jumped slightly as he

           heard his cousin Dudley give a tremendous grunting

           snore from the next room.

           Harry shook himself mentally; he was being stupid.

           There was no one in the house with him except Uncle



www.ztcprep.com
           Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley, and they were

           plainly still asleep, their dreams untroubled and

           painless.

           Asleep was the way Harry liked the Dursleys best; it

           wasn’t as though they were ever any help to him

           awake. Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley were

           Harry’s only living relatives. They were Muggles who

           hated and despised magic in any form, which meant

           that Harry was about as welcome in their house as

           dry rot. They had explained away Harry’s long

           absences at Hogwarts over the last three years by

           telling everyone that he went to St. Brutus’s Secure

           Center for Incurably Criminal Boys. They knew

           perfectly well that, as an underage wizard, Harry

           wasn’t allowed to use magic outside Hogwarts, but

           they were still apt to blame him for anything that

           went wrong about the house. Harry had never been

           able to confide in them or tell them anything about

           his life in the wizarding world. The very idea of going

           to them when they awoke, and telling them about his




www.ztcprep.com
           P a g e | 21

           Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling

           scar hurting him, and about his worries about

           Voldemort, was laughable.

           And yet it was because of Voldemort that Harry had

           come to live with the Dursleys in the first place. If it

           hadn’t been for Voldemort, Harry would not have had

           the lightning scar on his forehead. If it hadn’t been for

           Voldemort, Harry would still have had parents. …

           Harry had been a year old the night that Voldemort —

           the most powerful Dark wizard for a century, a wizard

           who had been gaining power steadily for eleven years

           — arrived at his house and killed his father and

           mother. Voldemort had then turned his wand on

           Harry; he had performed the curse that had disposed

           of many full-grown witches and wizards in his steady

           rise to power — and, incredibly, it had not worked.

           Instead of killing the small boy, the curse had

           rebounded upon Voldemort. Harry had survived with

           nothing but a lightning-shaped cut on his forehead,




www.ztcprep.com
           and Voldemort had been reduced to something barely

           alive. His powers gone, his life almost extinguished,

           Voldemort had fled; the terror in which the secret

           community of witches and wizards had lived for so

           long had lifted, Voldemort’s followers had disbanded,

           and Harry Potter had become famous.

           It had been enough of a shock for Harry to discover,

           on his eleventh birthday, that he was a wizard; it had

           been even more disconcerting to find out that

           everyone in the hidden wizarding world knew his

           name. Harry had arrived at Hogwarts to find that

           heads turned and whispers followed him wherever he

           went. But he was used to it now: At the end of this

           summer, he would be starting his fourth year at

           Hogwarts, and Harry was already counting the days

           until he would be back at the castle again.

           P a g e | 22

           Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling

           But there was still a fortnight to go before he went back to school. He
           looked hopelessly around his room

           again, and his eye paused on the birthday cards his



www.ztcprep.com
           two best friends had sent him at the end of July.

           What would they say if Harry wrote to them and told

           them about his scar hurting?

           At once, Hermione Granger’s voice seemed to fill his

           head, shrill and panicky.

           “Your scar hurt? Harry, that’s really serious. … Write

           to Professor Dumbledore! And I’ll go and check

           Common Magical Ailments and Afflictions. … Maybe

           there’s something in there about curse scars. …”

           Yes, that would be Hermione’s advice: Go straight to

           the headmaster of Hogwarts, and in the meantime,

           consult a book. Harry stared out of the window at the

           inky blue-black sky. He doubted very much whether a

           book could help him now. As far as he knew, he was

           the only living person to have survived a curse like

           Voldemort’s; it was highly unlikely, therefore, that he

           would find his symptoms listed in Common Magical

           Ailments and Afflictions. As for informing the

           headmaster, Harry had no idea where Dumbledore

           went during the summer holidays. He amused himself




www.ztcprep.com
           for a moment, picturing Dumbledore, with his long

           silver beard, full-length wizard’s robes, and pointed

           hat, stretched out on a beach somewhere, rubbing

           suntan lotion onto his long crooked nose. Wherever

           Dumbledore was, though, Harry was sure that

           Hedwig would be able to find him; Harry’s owl had

           never yet failed to deliver a letter to anyone, even

           without an address. But what would he write?

           Dear Professor Dumbledore, Sorry to bother you, but

           my scar hurt this morning. Yours sincerely, Harry

           Potter.

           P a g e | 23

           Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling

           Even inside his head the words sounded stupid.

           And so he tried to imagine his other best friend, Ron

           Weasley’s, reaction, and in a moment, Ron’s red hair

           and long-nosed, freckled face seemed to swim before

           Harry, wearing a bemused expression.

           “Your scar hurt? But … but You-Know-Who can’t be

           near you now, can he? I mean … you’d know, wouldn’t




www.ztcprep.com
           you? He’d be trying to do you in again, wouldn’t he? I dunno, Harry, maybe
           curse scars always twinge a bit.

           … I’ll ask Dad. …”

           Mr. Weasley was a fully qualified wizard who worked

           in the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office at the

           Ministry of Magic, but he didn’t have any particular

           expertise in the matter of curses, as far as Harry

           knew. In any case, Harry didn’t like the idea of the

           whole Weasley family knowing that he, Harry, was

           getting jumpy about a few moments’ pain. Mrs.

           Weasley would fuss worse than Hermione, and Fred

           and George, Ron’s sixteen-year-old twin brothers,

           might think Harry was losing his nerve. The Weasleys

           were Harry’s favorite family in the world; he was

           hoping that they might invite him to stay any time

           now (Ron had mentioned something about the

           Quidditch World Cup), and he somehow didn’t want

           his visit punctuated with anxious inquiries about his

           scar.

           Harry kneaded his forehead with his knuckles. What

           he really wanted (and it felt almost shameful to admit



www.ztcprep.com
           it to himself) was someone like — someone like a

           parent: an adult wizard whose advice he could ask

           without feeling stupid, someone who cared about

           him, who had had experience with Dark Magic. …

           P a g e | 24

           Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling

           And then the solution came to him. It was so simple, and so obvious, that he
           couldn’t believe it had taken

           so long — Sirius.

           Harry leapt up from the bed, hurried across the room,

           and sat down at his desk; he pulled a piece of

           parchment toward him, loaded his eagle-feather quill

           with ink, wrote Dear Sirius, then paused, wondering

           how best to phrase his problem, still marveling at the

           fact that he hadn’t thought of Sirius straight away.

           But then, perhaps it wasn’t so surprising — after all,

           he had only found out that Sirius was his godfather

           two months ago.

           There was a simple reason for Sirius’s complete

           absence from Harry’s life until then — Sirius had

           been in Azkaban, the terrifying wizard jail guarded by



www.ztcprep.com
