           According to Mr. Crouch … as I was saying to Mr.

           Crouch … Mr. Crouch is of the opinion … Mr. Crouch was telling me …
           They’ll be announcing their

           engagement any day now.”

           “Have you had a good summer, Harry?” said

           Hermione. “Did you get our food parcels and

           everything?”

           “Yeah, thanks a lot,” said Harry. “They saved my life,

           those cakes.”

           “And have you heard from — ?” Ron began, but at a

           look from Hermione he fell silent. Harry knew Ron

           had been about to ask about Sirius. Ron and

           Hermione had been so deeply involved in helping

           Sirius escape from the Ministry of Magic that they

           were almost as concerned about Harry’s godfather as

           he was. However, discussing him in front of Ginny

           was a bad idea. Nobody but themselves and Professor

           P a g e | 63

           Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling

           Dumbledore knew about how Sirius had escaped, or

           believed in his innocence.



www.ztcprep.com
           “I think they’ve stopped arguing,” said Hermione, to

           cover the awkward moment, because Ginny was

           looking curiously from Ron to Harry. “Shall we go

           down and help your mum with dinner?”

           “Yeah, all right,” said Ron. The four of them left Ron’s

           room and went back downstairs to find Mrs. Weasley

           alone in the kitchen, looking extremely bad-tempered.

           “We’re eating out in the garden,” she said when they

           came in. “There’s just not room for eleven people in

           here. Could you take the plates outside, girls? Bill

           and Charlie are setting up the tables. Knives and

           forks, please, you two,” she said to Ron and Harry,

           pointing her wand a little more vigorously than she

           had intended at a pile of potatoes in the sink, which

           shot out of their skins so fast that they ricocheted off

           the walls and ceiling.

           “Oh for heaven’s sake, ” she snapped, now directing

           her wand at a dustpan, which hopped off the

           sideboard and started skating across the floor,

           scooping up the potatoes. “Those two!” she burst out




www.ztcprep.com
           savagely, now pulling pots and pans out of a

           cupboard, and Harry knew she meant Fred and

           George. “I don’t know what’s going to happen to them,

           I really don’t. No ambition, unless you count making

           as much trouble as they possibly can. …”

           Mrs. Weasley slammed a large copper saucepan down

           on the kitchen table and began to wave her wand

           around inside it. A creamy sauce poured from the

           wand tip as she stirred.

           “It’s not as though they haven’t got brains,” she

           continued irritably, taking the saucepan over to the

           P a g e | 64

           Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling

           stove and lighting it with a further poke of her wand,

           “but they’re wasting them, and unless they pull

           themselves together soon, they’ll be in real trouble.

           I’ve had more owls from Hogwarts about them than

           the rest put together. If they carry on the way they’re

           going, they’ll end up in front of the Improper Use of

           Magic Office.”




www.ztcprep.com
           Mrs. Weasley jabbed her wand at the cutlery drawer,

           which shot open. Harry and Ron both jumped out of

           the way as several knives soared out of it, flew across

           the kitchen, and began chopping the potatoes, which

           had just been tipped back into the sink by the

           dustpan.

           “I don’t know where we went wrong with them,” said

           Mrs. Weasley, putting down her wand and starting to

           pull out still more saucepans. “It’s been the same for

           years, one thing after another, and they won’t listen

           to — OH NOT AGAIN!”

           She had picked up her wand from the table, and it

           had emitted a loud squeak and turned into a giant

           rubber mouse.

           “One of their fake wands again!” she shouted. “How

           many times have I told them not to leave them lying

           around?”

           She grabbed her real wand and turned around to find

           that the sauce on the stove was smoking.

           “C’mon,” Ron said hurriedly to Harry, seizing a




www.ztcprep.com
           handful of cutlery from the open drawer, “let’s go and

           help Bill and Charlie.”

           They left Mrs. Weasley and headed out the back door

           into the yard.

           P a g e | 65

           Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling

           They had only gone a few paces when Hermione’s

           bandy-legged ginger cat, Crookshanks, came pelting

           out of the garden, bottle-brush tail held high in the

           air, chasing what looked like a muddy potato on legs.

           Harry recognized it instantly as a gnome. Barely ten

           inches high, its horny little feet pattered very fast as it

           sprinted across the yard and dived headlong into one

           of the Wellington boots that lay scattered around the

           door. Harry could hear the gnome giggling madly as

           Crookshanks inserted a paw into the boot, trying to

           reach it. Meanwhile, a very loud crashing noise was

           coming from the other side of the house. The source

           of the commotion was revealed as they entered the

           garden, and saw that Bill and Charlie both had their




www.ztcprep.com
           wands out, and were making two battered old tables

           fly high above the lawn, smashing into each other,

           each attempting to knock the other’s out of the air.

           Fred and George were cheering, Ginny was laughing,

           and Hermione was hovering near the hedge,

           apparently torn between amusement and anxiety.

           Bill’s table caught Charlie’s with a huge bang and

           knocked one of its legs off. There was a clatter from

           overhead, and they all looked up to see Percy’s head

           poking out of a window on the second floor.

           “Will you keep it down?!” he bellowed.

           “Sorry, Perce,” said Bill, grinning. “How’re the

           cauldron bottoms coming on?”

           “Very badly,” said Percy peevishly, and he slammed

           the window shut. Chuckling, Bill and Charlie directed

           the tables safely onto the grass, end to end, and then,

           with a flick of his wand, Bill reattached the table leg

           and conjured tablecloths from nowhere.

           By seven o’clock, the two tables were groaning under

           dishes and dishes of Mrs. Weasley’s excellent cooking,




www.ztcprep.com
           P a g e | 66

           Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling

           and the nine Weasleys, Harry, and Hermione were

           settling themselves down to eat beneath a clear, deep-

           blue sky. To somebody who had been living on meals

           of increasingly stale cake all summer, this was

           paradise, and at first, Harry listened rather than

           talked as he helped himself to chicken and ham pie,

           boiled potatoes, and salad.

           At the far end of the table, Percy was telling his father

           all about his report on cauldron bottoms.

           “I’ve told Mr. Crouch that I’ll have it ready by

           Tuesday,” Percy was saying pompously. “That’s a bit

           sooner than he expected it, but I like to keep on top of

           things. I think he’ll be grateful I’ve done it in good

           time, I mean, it’s extremely busy in our department

           just now, what with all the arrangements for the

           World Cup. We’re just not getting the support we

           need from the Department of Magical Games and

           Sports. Ludo Bagman —”




www.ztcprep.com
           “I like Ludo,” said Mr. Weasley mildly. “He was the

           one who got us such good tickets for the Cup. I did

           him a bit of a favor: His brother, Otto, got into a spot

           of trouble — a lawnmower with unnatural powers — I

           smoothed the whole thing over.”

           “Oh Bagman’s likable enough, of course,” said Percy

           dismissively, “but how he ever got to be Head of

           Department … when I compare him to Mr. Crouch! I

           can’t see Mr. Crouch losing a member of our

           department and not trying to find out what’s

           happened to them. You realize Bertha Jorkins has

           been missing for over a month now? Went on holiday

           to Albania and never came back?”

           “Yes, I was asking Ludo about that,” said Mr.

           Weasley, frowning. “He says Bertha’s gotten lost

           P a g e | 67

           Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling

           plenty of times before now — though I must say, if it was someone in my
           department, I’d be worried. …”

           “Oh Bertha’s hopeless, all right,” said Percy. “I hear

           she’s been shunted from department to department



www.ztcprep.com
           for years, much more trouble than she’s worth … but

           all the same, Bagman ought to be trying to find her.

           Mr. Crouch has been taking a personal interest, she

           worked in our department at one time, you know, and

           I think Mr. Crouch was quite fond of her — but

           Bagman just keeps laughing and saying she probably

           misread the map and ended up in Australia instead of

           Albania. However” — Percy heaved an impressive sigh

           and took a deep swig of elderflower wine — “we’ve got

           quite enough on our plates at the Department of

           International Magical Cooperation without trying to

           find members of other departments too. As you know,

           we’ve got another big event to organize right after the

           World Cup.”

           Percy cleared his throat significantly and looked down

           toward the end of the table where Harry, Ron, and

           Hermione were sitting. “You know the one I’m talking

           about, Father.” He raised his voice slightly. “The top-

           secret one.”

           Ron rolled his eyes and muttered to Harry and




www.ztcprep.com
           Hermione, “He’s been trying to get us to ask what that

           event is ever since he started work. Probably an

           exhibition of thick-bottomed cauldrons.”

           In the middle of the table, Mrs. Weasley was arguing

           with Bill about his earring, which seemed to be a

           recent acquisition.

           “… with a horrible great fang on it. Really, Bill, what

           do they say at the bank?”

           P a g e | 68

           Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling

           “Mum, no one at the bank gives a damn how I dress

           as long as I bring home plenty of treasure,” said Bill

           patiently.

           “And your hair’s getting silly, dear,” said Mrs.

           Weasley, fingering her wand lovingly. “I wish you’d let

           me give it a trim. …”

           “I like it,” said Ginny, who was sitting beside Bill.

           “You’re so old-fashioned, Mum. Anyway, it’s nowhere

           near as long as Professor Dumbledore’s. …”

           Next to Mrs. Weasley, Fred, George, and Charlie were




www.ztcprep.com
           all talking spiritedly about the World Cup.

           “It’s got to be Ireland,” said Charlie thickly, through a

           mouthful of potato. “They flattened Peru in the

           semifinals.”

           “Bulgaria has got Viktor Krum, though,” said Fred.

           “Krum’s one decent player, Ireland has got seven,”

           said Charlie shortly. “I wish England had got through.

           That was embarrassing, that was.”

           “What happened?” said Harry eagerly, regretting more

           than ever his isolation from the wizarding world when

           he was stuck on Privet Drive.

           “Went down to Transylvania, three hundred and

           ninety to ten,” said Charlie gloomily. “Shocking

           performance. And Wales lost to Uganda, and Scotland

           was slaughtered by Luxembourg.”

           Harry had been on the Gryffindor House Quidditch

           team ever since his first year at Hogwarts and owned

           one of the best racing brooms in the world, a Firebolt.

           Flying came more naturally to Harry than anything

           P a g e | 69




www.ztcprep.com
